Main Menu
IDC GCP Training
2022
Assignment: Intro to Github
Gurkaran Singh
•
Feb 11 (Edited Feb 14)
100 points
Due Tomorrow
In this session you will be introduced on how is Github should be used.
Attached with this assignment will be the following documents-
1. Assignments that you need to submit- Please open the Google Doc , as instructed complete the assignment and turn it in the Google Classroom before the due date.
2. Reference Document- This document contains Google Cloud documentation links which you can use to gain in depth knowledge of the subjects. Please spend some time on reading these documents.
3. Video Recording ( After Session)- Video recording of the session will be uploaded for you to have a relook if needed. 
Remember- You are not allowed to download the video recording or any resources. Please use Google Resources only to create your documents.
Reach out to Gurkaran Singh in case of any doubts/confusions

2022 Training: Intro to GitHub Assignment
Google Docs

References: Intro to GitHub
Google Docs

Training Videos_GitHub Final.mov
Video

2022-training.txt
Text
Class comments
Your work
Assigned
Private comments
Assignment: Intro to GitHub
Download the github command line tool from the link: https://cli.github.com/
Use file 2022-training.txt for github commits.
Perform step 3-7 and 15-20 using the command line. Take screenshots which show each of the steps.
Create a new repo 2022-training-<yourfirstname-lastname> with your springml account under your organization. Don’t use springml-code.
Don't create any file at time of creating the repo.
Clone the repo in your local.
Add this file as an initial commit to the main branch.
Create a branch dev. Push the branch.
Create a new feature branch by name first-feature from dev.
Delete line 12 and 13. Add a new line after line 11.
Push the changes to the feature branch. List all the branches.
Raise a PR.
Give your manager access to repo.
Don't approve the PR
NEW LINE TO SHOW
2022-training.txt
Displaying 2022-training.txt.